hello welcome back to the jorenian when
you watch me watch monday nitro live
commentaries library action right here
we go good matchup between Cesaro vs
dolph ziggler and of course the Miz
Intercontinental Champion he's on
commentary he he didn't have to wrestle
you know he just holds the title he
looks good knee mouths off and he
protects the pretty face anyways we got
a reverse chinlock on Dolph Ziggler
making his way to his feet fighting to
his feet with the dropkick connecting
with Cesaro but Cesaro is getting up
pretty fast backed into the corner and
how the wat into a backbreaker Holy One
to the strength of Cesaro give this man
a world record a trophy a gold medal a
title give him something there's not
many people who can do what he just did
that was amazing oh yes here we go watch
this replay up in the air go for cruise
body gets caught up and then back into a
tilt awhirl backbreaker Wow not many
people can do that not many people and
there we go Oh what the heck is trying
to roll them up at Cesaro blacken it up
onto the shoulders vertical Oh showing
up a little bit and there we go Tom's
they look behind with the same thing
ghetto looks like one two three quick
match Ziggler with the win wow wow I
mean Cesaro showed off strength but
Ziggler kept his eye on the prize and
he's the show up and he showed Cesaro uh
phone those are you match guys follow me
on Facebook Twitter Instagram subscribe
to my youtube channel for future live
commentaries Monday Night Raw on Friday
Night SmackDown if you wanna you don't
have to oh where you gonna miss you
leaving walk it out with your title I
like those white pants on you spicy
you're going for the title can't wait
for that SummerSlam intercontinental on
the line what's gonna happen showdown
so down right now holding up title belt
knows all about it yeah yep ow goes for
the moneymaker ms backed out of the way
thanks for watching bye guys